
Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography

“(I may as well confess it, since my denial of it will be believed by nobody), perhaps I shall a good deal gratify my own vanity. Indeed, I scarce ever heard or saw the introductory words, "Without vanity I may say," &c., but some vain thing immediately followed.”

exploding words: scrivener,

cute words: induce, declare against, fall short, endeavor at, 

describing uncle:
“ There fell lately into my hands, in London, a collection he had made of all the principal pamphlets, relating to public affairs, from 1641 to 1717; many of the volumes are wanting as appears by the numbering, but there still remain eight volumes in folio, and twenty-four in quarto and in octavo. A dealer in old books met with them, and knowing me by my sometimes buying of him, he brought them to me.”

“There are many of his notes in the margins.”
---

“This obscure family of ours was early in the Reformation, and continued Protestants through the reign of Queen Mary, when they were sometimes in danger of trouble on account of their zeal against popery. They had got an English Bible, and to conceal and secure it, it was fastened open with tapes under and within the cover of a joint-stool. When my great-great-grandfather read it to his family, he turned up the joint-stool upon his knees, turning over the leaves then under the tapes. One of the children stood at the door to give notice if he saw the apparitor coming, who was an officer of the spiritual court. In that case the stool was turned down again upon its feet, when the Bible remained concealed under it as before.”

---

“ Plutarch's Lives there was in which I read abundantly, and I still think that time spent to great advantage.”
“De Foe's, called an Essay on Projects”

“but as prose writ”

Excerpt From: Benjamin Franklin. “The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin.” Apple Books. 
“ing bad been of great use to me in the course of my life, and was a principal means of my advancement, I shall tell you how, in such a situation, I acquired what little ability I have in that way.”

Excerpt From: Benjamin Franklin. “The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin.” Apple Books. 